Cotool - AI for the blue team. Skip to main content Product Company Research Blog Book a demo AI for the blue team. Scale detection, response, and threat hunting beyond headcount. Build AI agents across your entire security stack. Book a demo Loved by teams at: 2000+ Employee Crypto Exchange 1,500+ Security Company Security teams should be proactive . Stale detection rules, piling alerts, and brittle automations keep you reactive . AI-enabled attackers make the problem orders of magnitude worse. Automate the busywork that keeps you from the threats that actually matter. Book a demo Watch video overview Detect Respond Hunt “ It's enabled us to comfortably onboard new log sources and write rules around them without worrying that we're going to cause alert fatigue for the human detection engineers and analysts on the team. ” Antoinette Stevens Principal Security Engineer Detect what static rules can’t Detection agents enable intent-driven coverage. Describe your threat model in natural language and Cotool agents constantly hunt against your environment – even in tools you don’t have central log visibility into. Explore Detect Detect Automate response from any alert source Don't settle for “Tier 1 Analyst Agent”. Cotool provides the primitives to create any agent with natural language. Tailor it to your team’s workflows and use built-in controls to introduce humans in the loop at any step. Address alert fatigue at the source with automatic detection tuning for every false positive. Explore Respond Respond Make threat intelligence actionable Don’t waste time on irrelevant threat intel. Cotool monitors new intel from your sources and the public web, filters what’s relevant to your environment, and then checks for exposure. Relevant intel is investigated for IOCs and new detections are proposed automatically to close coverage gaps. Explore Hunt Hunt Detect Detect what rigid SIEM rules can't Detection agents enable intent-driven coverage. Describe your threat model in natural language and Cotool agents constantly hunt against your environment – even in tools you don’t have central log visibility into. Explore Detect Detect “ It's enabled us to comfortably onboard new log sources and write rules around them without worrying that we're going to cause alert fatigue for the human detection engineers and analysts on the team. ” Antoinette Stevens Principal Security Engineer Respond Automate response from any alert source Don't settle for “Tier 1 Analyst Agent”. Cotool provides the primitives to create any agent with natural language. Tailor it to your team’s workflows and use built-in controls to introduce humans in the loop at any step. Address alert fatigue at the source with automatic detection tuning for every false positive. Explore Respond Respond “ You can encode your own expertise into Cotool. It runs your playbooks as if you were doing it yourself — just faster and around the clock. ” Jake Skinner Senior Security Engineer Hunt Make threat intelligence actionable Don’t waste time on irrelevant threat intel. Cotool monitors new intel from your sources and the public web, filters what’s relevant to your environment, and then checks for exposure. Relevant intel is investigated for IOCs and new detections are proposed automatically to close coverage gaps. Explore Hunt Hunt “ Cotool doesn't just show us risk — it actively scans our environment for newsworthy attacks, scans for exposure, and helps us add coverage before an exploit can take place. ” Winston Laoh Senior Security Engineer Purpose-built to accomplish real security work Cotool's agent harness is optimized from the ground up for Security Operations tasks Book a demo Investigate once, automate forever AI chat accelerates human-driven investigations by pulling relevant context from all your tools and synthesizing answers on demand. Turn any conversation into an always-on agent with one click to automate forever. Evaluation & Monitoring is First Class Cotool’s evaluation harness 