Diligent 🚀 New case study -> How Scalapay automated 66% of merchant KYC/AML reviews Skip to main content AI agents for KYC/AML operations Leading fintechs and banks use Diligent AI agents to automate their risk and compliance workflows Request demo Request demo Request demo Trusted and used daily by leading banks and fintechs Why we exist KYC/AML teams are drowning in manual tasks — AI agents can supercharge humans, clear the backlog and keep them above water How it works Configure an agent Pick your workflow Identify the most manual KYC/AML workflows you want to accelerate. From risk reviews, to alert remediation or document processing Connect your systems Plug the AI agent into your stack. Connect it via API, our Portal or through our native integrations with screening tools. Provide your policies Teach the agent how you work. Upload your risk policies and procedures so the Agent runs checks in a customized and auditable way Run with oversight Keep humans in the loop. Deploy the agent in production with analyst review until you’re comfortable scaling automation. Use cases Merchant risk agent Investigate automatically merchant websites, socials, reviews, and registry filings to catch risky businesses AML Screening agent Automatically remediate false positive alerts from your Sanctions/PEP/AdverseMedia provider Document verification agent Automatically verify whether customer documents match your policy and requirements Value We bring your risk and compliance ops to a new era Slash cost to comply Empower your team to 10x the volume with the same resources, reducing cost per customer Enhance risk detection Replace unpredictable manual checks with deep, structured and auditable AI research Improve customer experience Clear good customers quickly, reduce friction, and let them start using your product sooner. Hear it from our customers Next Next Next Next Diligent AI significantly reduced our onboarding workflows and eliminated repetitive tasks for our team – supporting the quality of our processes by making them consistent and auditable. In particular we appreciated the Diligent’s team reactivity and valued their tool’s flexibility Maureen Gorman • Head of global operations Diligent AI agents radically improved both the efficiency and effectiveness of our merchant due diligence reviews - we significantly reduced onboarding time and risk exposure. 65% reduction in manually reviewed risk queues and over 6000 hours saved from manual checks Gabriele Alessi • Director of operations Diligent AI agents helped us slash our risk review times significantly, but more importantly, helped us build a stronger and more systematic approach to risk detection. Our very close collaboration also enables us to leverage them as an extension of our team Karan Khanna • Fraud strategy manager Trust Built for Enterprise Secure by Design No training on your data Modern & secure data practices Cyber insured Audited & tested - SOC2+ISO certified Find out more Find out more Find out more SOC2 TYPE 2 ISO 27001 GDPR Latest News Resources View All View All View All News Diligent AI Featured in Times Square: A Milestone for AML Automation We lit up Times Square! Celebrating a milestone worth sharing. Read all Read all Read all Read all Read all Customers How Scalapay reduced merchant KYC/AML ops time by 65% with AI agents Scalapay, one of Europe's fastest-growing payment companies, partnered with Diligent to automate merchant due diligence with AI agents. Within the first year, they achieved a 65% reduction in manual reviews and saved over 6,000 operational hours annually. Read all Read all Read all Read all Read all News Diligent AI Achieves SOC 2 Type II Compliance Diligent AI has achieved SOC 2 Type II compliance, validating the security and operational discipline behind our platform used by fintechs and banks worldwide. Read all Read all Read all Read all Read all FAQ What does Diligent offer? We build AI solutions that enhance your risk and AML compliance t